src/en/pages/acknowledgements.md, before:

---
title: Acknow&shy;ledge&shy;ments
subtitle: A bit of a catch-all page.
summary: Some info about this site
permalink: /acknowledgements/
---

## Colophon

This site is built with [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/), a fantastic static site generator. I [pre-compile](/blog/eleventy-asset-pipeline-precompiled-assets/) my Sass files to CSS, and minify my scripts. I then inline that to reduce HTTP requests, and this whole thing is hosted via [Netlify](https://netlify.com/). Also used: [PurgeCSS](https://purgecss.com), [ImageOptim](https://imageoptim.com/mac), [GlyphHanger](https://github.com/zachleat/glyphhanger), [SVGOMG](https://jakearchibald.github.io/svgomg/)…

The theme picker is more than a little inspired by [Max Böck's own](https://mxb.dev), while the eclecticism is inspired by [Sophie Koonin's site](https://localghost.dev/). The synth on the [About page](/about/) is based on [Bret Cameron's tutorial](https://css-tricks.com/how-to-code-a-playable-synth-keyboard/), and extended with envelope shaping and lowpass filtering by peeking at [Daniel Schulz's code](https://iamschulz.com/building-a-synthesizer-in-javascript/).

{% mdsafe %}
<details>
    <summary class="cta | u-width100" style="--btn-justify-content:center">More info about themes 🎨</summary>
    <ul class="u-marginBlockStart-s">
        <li><strong>Dusk:</strong> A neon-infused, retrowave-inspired theme which is basically my entire personality.</li>
        <li><strong>Dawn:</strong> This very-off-white theme aims to be a light-mode version of Dusk.</li>
        <li><strong>Vapor:</strong> A vaporwave interpretation of a theme which was a lot of fun to make, I'll thank Sophie Koonin here again for embracing this aesthetic!</li>
        <li><strong>Y2K:</strong> I grew up using Windows 98 and XP, so I kinda had to make this one. (I had lots of fun with the footer logo)</li>
        <li><strong>Neo-Tokyo:</strong> Retrowave is cool, but dystopian cyberpunk styles are cool too — a little Akira-flavoured!</li>
    </ul>
</details>
{% endmdsafe %}

You can check out the [full source code on GitHub]({{ metadata.repo }}) to see plugins and other packages used. I only ask that you don't steal my code and slap your own name on it.

## Uses

### Gear

-   [2019 16" MacBook Pro](https://www.apple.com/macbook-pro-16/) (Intel Core i7, 16 GB RAM and 500 GB SSD)
    A good computer with a real Escape key, after all these years with a fake touchscreen one.
-   [Dell U2518D Monitor](https://www.amazon.com/Dell-LED-Lit-Monitor-U2518D-Compatibility/dp/B075KGLYRL?linkCode=as2&tag=ratcgala-20)
    A big screen for big code.
-   [Autonomous AI ErgoChair 2](https://www.autonomous.ai/office-chairs/ergonomic-chair/?rid=7a4b2c) _(disclaimer: contains a referral ID, gives you a discount)_
    I think they recently renamed this to be ErgoChair Pro but it's a **good** chair.
-   [Fully's Remi Standing Desk](https://www.fully.com/standing-desks/remi-standing-desk.html)
    I sit a lot, so having a desk that easily goes from sitting to standing is really helpful.
-   [ErGear Dual Monitor Arms](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B085Y4HW8S?linkCode=as2&tag=ratcgala-20)
    Frees up some space on my desk with easily adjusted positions, good stuff.
-   [Sony MDR-XB50AP in-ear headphones](https://www.amazon.com/Sony-MDRXB50AP-Extra-Earbud-Headset/dp/B00JRD13T8?linkCode=as2&tag=ratcgala-20)
    Simple, reliable earbuds for "casual" audio listening, and useful for video meetings.
-   [Sony MDR-XB950N1 over-ear headphones](https://www.amazon.com/Sony-Wireless-Headphones-Bluetooth-Canceling/dp/B07KKMGG6H?linkCode=as2&tag=ratcgala-20)
    Quality earphones for more "focused" listening, with noise-cancelling.

### Apps

-   [Mozilla Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/)
    I've been using Firefox since version 3 or something, and it's never disappointed me — love the CSS DevTools!
-   [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
    Love how powerful and customisable this editor is! I notably use these extensions:
    -   [SynthWave '84](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=RobbOwen.synthwave-vscode): A beautiful neon-infused theme.
    -   [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode): Keeps all my code harmoniously formatted.
    -   [VisuBezier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=chriskirknielsen.visubezier): My own CSS easing function preview tool.
-   [Adobe Illustrator](https://www.adobe.com/products/illustrator.html)
    I love working with vectors! I optimise my work with [SVGOMG](https://jakearchibald.github.io/svgomg/) and then manually tweak them to be _just right_.
-   [Fork](https://fork.dev/)
    A little git GUI that helps me avoid making big mistakes.
-   [ImageOptim](https://imageoptim.com/mac)
    Beautiful tool to compress images better, you won't regret it.

Thanks for stopping by, friend, it is mighty kind of you! 👋

Commit message:

[content] Add MIDI keyboard to Uses page

src/en/pages/acknowledgements.md, after:

---
title: Acknow&shy;ledge&shy;ments
subtitle: A bit of a catch-all page.
summary: Some info about this site
permalink: /acknowledgements/
---

## Colophon

This site is built with [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/), a fantastic static site generator. I [pre-compile](/blog/eleventy-asset-pipeline-precompiled-assets/) my Sass files to CSS, and minify my scripts. I then inline that to reduce HTTP requests, and this whole thing is hosted via [Netlify](https://netlify.com/). Also used: [PurgeCSS](https://purgecss.com), [ImageOptim](https://imageoptim.com/mac), [GlyphHanger](https://github.com/zachleat/glyphhanger), [SVGOMG](https://jakearchibald.github.io/svgomg/)…

The theme picker is more than a little inspired by [Max Böck's own](https://mxb.dev), while the eclecticism is inspired by [Sophie Koonin's site](https://localghost.dev/). The synth on the [About page](/about/) is based on [Bret Cameron's tutorial](https://css-tricks.com/how-to-code-a-playable-synth-keyboard/), and extended with envelope shaping and lowpass filtering by peeking at [Daniel Schulz's code](https://iamschulz.com/building-a-synthesizer-in-javascript/).

{% mdsafe %}
<details>
    <summary class="cta | u-width100" style="--btn-justify-content:center">More info about themes 🎨</summary>
    <ul class="u-marginBlockStart-s">
        <li><strong>Dusk:</strong> A neon-infused, retrowave-inspired theme which is basically my entire personality.</li>
        <li><strong>Dawn:</strong> This very-off-white theme aims to be a light-mode version of Dusk.</li>
        <li><strong>Vapor:</strong> A vaporwave interpretation of a theme which was a lot of fun to make, I'll thank Sophie Koonin here again for embracing this aesthetic!</li>
        <li><strong>Y2K:</strong> I grew up using Windows 98 and XP, so I kinda had to make this one. (I had lots of fun with the footer logo)</li>
        <li><strong>Neo-Tokyo:</strong> Retrowave is cool, but dystopian cyberpunk styles are cool too — a little Akira-flavoured!</li>
    </ul>
</details>
{% endmdsafe %}

You can check out the [full source code on GitHub]({{ metadata.repo }}) to see plugins and other packages used. I only ask that you don't steal my code and slap your own name on it.

## Uses

### Gear

-   [2019 16" MacBook Pro](https://www.apple.com/macbook-pro-16/) (Intel Core i7, 16 GB RAM and 500 GB SSD)
    A good computer with a real Escape key, after all these years with a fake touchscreen one.
-   [Dell U2518D Monitor](https://www.amazon.com/Dell-LED-Lit-Monitor-U2518D-Compatibility/dp/B075KGLYRL?linkCode=as2&tag=ratcgala-20)
    A big screen for big code.
-   [Autonomous AI ErgoChair 2](https://www.autonomous.ai/office-chairs/ergonomic-chair/?rid=7a4b2c) _(disclaimer: contains a referral ID, gives you a discount)_
    I think they recently renamed this to be ErgoChair Pro but it's a **good** chair.
-   [Fully's Remi Standing Desk](https://www.fully.com/standing-desks/remi-standing-desk.html)
    I sit a lot, so having a desk that easily goes from sitting to standing is really helpful.
-   [ErGear Dual Monitor Arms](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B085Y4HW8S?linkCode=as2&tag=ratcgala-20)
    Frees up some space on my desk with easily adjusted positions, good stuff.
-   [Sony MDR-XB50AP in-ear headphones](https://www.amazon.com/Sony-MDRXB50AP-Extra-Earbud-Headset/dp/B00JRD13T8?linkCode=as2&tag=ratcgala-20)
    Simple, reliable earbuds for "casual" audio listening, and useful for video meetings.
-   [Sony MDR-XB950N1 over-ear headphones](https://www.amazon.com/Sony-Wireless-Headphones-Bluetooth-Canceling/dp/B07KKMGG6H?linkCode=as2&tag=ratcgala-20)
    Quality earphones for more "focused" listening, with noise-cancelling.
-   [Novation Launchkey 37 MIDI keyboard](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B086N4W81X?linkCode=as2&tag=ratcgala-20)
    I made music a lot in the past, and this little toy is great to slowly get back into it!

### Apps

-   [Mozilla Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/)
    I've been using Firefox since version 3 or something, and it's never disappointed me — love the CSS DevTools!
-   [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
    Love how powerful and customisable this editor is! I notably use these extensions:
    -   [SynthWave '84](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=RobbOwen.synthwave-vscode): A beautiful neon-infused theme.
    -   [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode): Keeps all my code harmoniously formatted.
    -   [VisuBezier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=chriskirknielsen.visubezier): My own CSS easing function preview tool.
-   [Adobe Illustrator](https://www.adobe.com/products/illustrator.html)
    I love working with vectors! I optimise my work with [SVGOMG](https://jakearchibald.github.io/svgomg/) and then manually tweak them to be _just right_.
-   [Fork](https://fork.dev/)
    A little git GUI that helps me avoid making big mistakes.
-   [ImageOptim](https://imageoptim.com/mac)
    Beautiful tool to compress images better, you won't regret it.

Thanks for stopping by, friend, it is mighty kind of you! 👋
