src/en/pages/home.md, before:

---
layout: layouts/home.njk
title: Home
summary: Christopher Kirk-Nielsen, a creative developer
permalink: /
i18n:
    page:
        quickAccess:
            heading: 'Jump right in'
            about:
                label: 'Way too many facts about me'
                content: 'If you want to learn more about me, this is the place. It should cover quite a bit…'
            designs:
                label: 'Shirts and posters I designed'
                content: 'I design things sometimes and made a “shop”: dev stuff, movies, games…'
            fonts:
                label: 'A few typefaces I’ve worked on'
                content: 'I’ve always thought fonts to be cool so making my own had to happen.'
            also:
                label: 'Also…'
                usesPageLabel: 'Uses'
                nowPageLabel: 'Now'
        writing:
            heading: 'Thoughts for your thoughts'
            content: 'I write quite infrequently, when ideas need expressing. If you want to read some of my ramblings, this is my latest. I’ve also got an RSS feed for the cool kids!'
            blogLabel: 'Visit the blog'
---

Hello, and welcome! My name is **Christopher Kirk-Nielsen** but please call me **Chris**. I’m an award-non-winning designer-turned-developer who loves building on the web, working at MOJO.

Commit message:

[style/content] Update the home title description/creadev section

src/en/pages/home.md, after:

---
layout: layouts/home.njk
title: Home
summary: Christopher Kirk-Nielsen, a creative developer
permalink: /
i18n:
    page:
        description: |
            A
            creative developer
            with zero awards
            working at MOJO
            based in Cincy
        quickAccess:
            heading: 'Jump right in'
            about:
                label: 'Way too many facts about me'
                content: 'If you want to learn more about me, this is the place. It should cover quite a bit…'
            designs:
                label: 'Shirts and posters I designed'
                content: 'I design things sometimes and made a “shop”: dev stuff, movies, games…'
            fonts:
                label: 'A few typefaces I’ve worked on'
                content: 'I’ve always thought fonts to be cool so making my own had to happen.'
            also:
                label: 'Also…'
                usesPageLabel: 'Uses'
                nowPageLabel: 'Now'
        writing:
            heading: 'Thoughts for your thoughts'
            content: 'I write quite infrequently, when ideas need expressing. If you want to read some of my ramblings, this is my latest. I’ve also got an RSS feed for the cool kids!'
            blogLabel: 'Visit the blog'
---

<!-- Hello, and welcome! My name is **Christopher Kirk-Nielsen** but please call me **Chris**. I’m an award-non-winning designer-turned-developer who loves building on the web, working at MOJO. -->
